if you want to know what's happening in
the economy you don't have to be
confused you don't have to have a big
question mark you just have to watch
this you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you if you've been
watching this channel for a while you
understand the money mirror method if
you're part of my finance Friday class
you hear me talking about it every
single week money mirror method the
people who are new to the channel you
might not know we're going to explain
that today what it means for you is that
if you watch this if you look at this
IND at you're going to understand what
happens in the market before everybody
else does how can I confidently say that
because it's been going on since 2009
highly highly accurate and I'm going to
show you different ways at which we can
look at it but overall understand that
you just need to look at this and you
will see things before they happen it's
wild it's crazy no soothsayer talk but
I'm telling you it's real so here we go
fed liquidity versus assets and you will
see the recent Divergence which has
happened and it shows us the blue line
which is fed net liquidity compared with
fed total assets and what we are seeing
with this is basically the fed's balance
sheet how much stuff the Federal Reserve
has compared with net liquidity it might
be asking what is net liquidity but just
for a second stick with me okay if you
have seen over the past few years it's
been very clear when the FED prints
money when central banks devalue the
currency we do see a correlation in
between that the amount that they're
pumping in as well as the stock market
pump more money in stock market goes
higher but it's been weird right because
the stock market is back to all-time
highs and yet the Federal Reserve has
reduced their balance sheet quite a bit
and
interest rates are still at these high
levels so you might ask yourself well
something's broken with your equation
something's not working there because we
are not in the position that we were
before we're not at 0% interest rates we
are not in the middle of quantitative
easing so
your methodology is is not correct but
of course the money mirror method
doesn't fail money mirror method is
something that I didn't necessarily
develop in that sense but I just
Quantified it all looked at it and have
been going back in history and started
to um make sense of it all it's um
tedious task but that's what I'm here
for you to uh basically to look at when
you watch my channel you're saving time
here we
go this is it what we can see from this
is the indicator which is known as fed
net
liquidity you know there there's a
number of different ways to look at it
but you see the correlation here fed net
liquidity versus the S&P 500 it's
perfect it's it's virtually perfect
looking at this it's an indicator
introduced by Max Anderson serving a
valuable tool for forecasting market
trends and identifying Short Selling
opportunities this indicator is computed
by the Federal Reserve balance sheet
then you look at the treasury general
account and then the reverse repos
offering insights into the actual funds
available for circulation within the
economy this is what we do we give an
update every single week on the finance
Friday class live class um they're
already aware of this they're they're
right now they're bored of what we're
talking about because we we look at it
every week but this is the type of thing
that makes a lot of sense only when you
know to look at it you say oh I see the
correlation of course there's more to it
than that but that's like the core of it
that's a lot of it and when you track it
every single week and then you do see
divergences like look at November uhoh
something's no that's not working that's
not right but you see it and it
eventually makes it back to where it was
before it amazes you over and over and
over again so what can we take from this
well it's that if you understand fed net
liquidity or what I call the money
mirror
method this is the way that we can
predict what
happens and there will be times in which
it diverges but as long as we understand
that we got to go back to this back to
it back to it again and again week after
week after week because it's not a daily
thing and like I said it's going to get
a little messed up sometimes but in
general where the liquidity is that's
where the stock market is and for some
people they just can't get no no it's
what's going on in the Red Sea uh it's
what's going on with the oil prices it's
what's happening in Russia it's not what
you're saying and you know you can
suggest oneway shape or form but I'm
telling you this stuff is highly
accurate looking at it you've got a
problem
here currently as it stands right now
now the Federal Reserve has increased
interest rates and that has affect you
with your mortgage rates and credit
cards and everything else but it has
also affected the national debt and so
you can see the US interest expense has
exceeded $1
trillion wow I mean that's unbelievable
that's just interest that means before
your infrastructure is getting paid for
before your health care before
everything that's
essential they're putting money your tax
dollars into interest something
fictional something that was created out
of thin air and yet that's where the
money goes it will get paid your
Healthcare sorry don't have enough money
this is the way it goes so we know that
at this time they're still paying that
up but at some point they're going to
feel that pressure the pressure builds
builds builds and I believe they want to
cut interest rates in order to ease this
burden but I
mean you know you grow that to a certain
point it doesn't matter if the interest
rate is low it's unaffordable it's not
manageable that's what's going on today
the amount the sheer amount of debt has
gotten out of
control stocks are popular inflation
Hedge for future retirees we asked how
are you protecting your retirement and
savings from inflation I'm adding more
stocks and so the risk taking is
certainly there stocks are seen as a
risk asset bonds are seen as less risk
and whether you agree or not that that's
what happening here and so we're going
to see more money flowing into stocks
there's no question about that it will
leave fixed income it will leave bonds
we did see some attractiveness during uh
what happened recently with bonds being
more
you know the interest rates were higher
but now if they're going to start
cutting interest rates well then that
takes away from that value and more
money will go into
stocks so we have to look at all of
these things net liquidity understand
net liquidity okay the Federal Reserve
treasury general account reverse repos
what's happening on that side then we
got to look at Financial conditions
Financial conditions Encompass a whole
bunch of things it depends on which
index you're looking at but you could
just say the term broadly Financial
conditions that's kind of the umbrella
over
top and knowing where we are with
financial conditions gives us a little
bit of insight as to okay are we going
tightening are we going
loosening and then we have to understand
where is the money going there is money
there's money everywhere but where is it
going some of that today has been
leaving China it's been leaving real
estate it's been leaving the stock
market that's for sure trillions of
dollars lost in the Chinese stock market
and a lot of that has flown into US
stocks in particular what they call the
Magnificent 7even you know the tech
stocks those are the ones that have
become really
attractive they've been fluctuating of
course when you get to too high of a
level suddenly they become unattractive
but you know we're split hairs at this
point and so knowing all of these things
and the hundreds and hundreds of others
that I collect on this channel you start
to get a bigger and deeper picture of
what's going on so at this time we could
see that despite the Federal Reserve
selling off trillions of
dollars they are still in the aggregate
in in in the total we can still see so
much liquidity pouring in making up and
even exceeding the shortfall created by
the Federal Reserve so in the end here
how much further does it have to fall in
total everything before that starts to
have an impact on the total net
liquidity and then stocks come down as a
result that's what we need to understand
that's what we need to look at that is
what's going on for 2024 and I'm telling
you right now you you better get wise to
this information if you're not going to
join me in the live classes then you
better check every single week looking
at this data to know for yourself I will
do that for you here but of course if um
you're unable to join for whatever
reason then you got to look at this
stuff keep up to date with it and be
more informed than your financial
adviser be more informed than your
friends that believe that they know what
they're talking about there's a reason
why I was able to predict the stock
market bottom in 2022 October of 2022 I
actually told people in September
2022 and here we are today okay I still
get the hate every day I want to thank
those haters each and every day um you
know I I do appreciate that really I
really do because it keeps me going this
is the live class okay so if you want to
get in on that the link is the money
gps.com slive there'll be a link in the
description themoney gps.com
live if you haven't already hit the
Thumbs Up Button because this is the
information you can't get elsewhere I'm
not talking about clicks I'm not talking
about likes I'm talking about just the
information you need to know if you
appreciate that hit the like button and
of course I'll see you tomorrow take
care